[Autogenerated] Okay, so let's get started in this clip.
We're going to start looking at life cycle rules within s three.
So let me load on my bucket here and let's take this
particular scenario into account.
Let's say that we actually want to start migrating
older objects into cheaper storage.
Well, how can we do that?
Well, we can do that using life cycle rules.
So if we go up to management here,
there's a life cycle tab where you can add a lifecycle rule.
So I'm gonna click on Add Lifecycle Rule and I'm gonna give my
ruling name and let's just say transition to Glacier.
So what I'm going to do is transition older files and objects to
the glacier storage so it could be archived.
Now if I want,
I can filter toe limit my scope by adding a prefix or a tag filter.
I don't have either, so I'll leave that blank and I'll click on next year,
and you can see that we can go down to even the versions,
so we for sure want current versions.
So all current versions of objects and we'll also do previous versions
since we have version ING enabled So this is going to move all versions
of an object to which ever storage class,
we specify.
So for the current versions, let's add a transition here,
and I'm gonna select transition to Glacier after.
So this is going to transition to the glacier storage class.
After this many days, post creations let me go and make this 30.
So what this does is it's going to transition to Glacier for our
current versions after 30 days post creation.
And then we'll do all previous versions transitioning to Glacier Deep Archive.
So previous versions were not too worried about.
I want to archive those for even cheaper, so I'm gonna make this 30 as well.
So now all objects previous and current versions are going to
transition to a different storage class after 30 days.
So let me click on next,
and you can see we can actually configure expirations as well.
So let's just do current versions here,
and we're gonna expire the current version of the object.
After a year from the object creation dates,
let me select 3 65 or enter 3 65 here,
and then you can see we can also cleanup expired object,
delete markers and incomplete,
multipart up loads and were restricted from actually enabling this
because we actually have expiration enabled.
So if we didn't have this enabled, we can clean up these delete markers.
But I do want to clean up in complete, multipart up loads,
and we'll just leave it a week from the start of the upload.
So if things don't finish within a week, we're going to clean them up.
Some would click on next year, and then we get to review our life cycle rule.
So we have our name and scope.
We can see the transitions here,
so our current versions are going to transition to Glacier after 30 days,
and our previous versions are going to transition a
glacier deep archive after 30 days.
And then we also set an expiration rule.
So after one year, which is 365 days, we're going to expire,
are objects and we're also going to clean up in complete multipart uploads
after seven days upon creation or attempt of creation,
some to click on save here and now we have our life cycle rule enabled,
and you can see that because we have the check mark here.
So when I click this and I highlighted,
I can actually go in and disable this as well if I wanted to.
They give us a warning saying, Hey,
this may impact their costs and I'm gonna confirm here and now my
life cycle rule is disabled if I wanted it to.
So lifecycle rules really allow us who transition to cheaper
storage classes whenever it's really needed,
and they're pretty flexible.
So be sure to poke around these lifecycle rules settings in
here and really configure to your needs.
Everyone's requirements are going to be different,
so be sure to play around as much as possible.
Now that's gonna do it for this clip on S three lifecycle rules. So let's go and wrap it up and I'll see you in the next clip.